# CS305
•	Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?  Artemis Financial is a company that construct financial plans for individuals ranging from savings, and retirements to investments and insurance. The importance of secure communications is paramount, considering the company is maintain classified information from clients that may include SSN, tax information and other confidential information.
•	What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing? I think taking the time to investigate the code and see what improvements were needed. The adoption of secure coding practices is important because it removes commonly exploited software vulnerabilities and prevents cyberattacks from happening. Moreover, optimizing for security from the start helps reduce long-term costs which may arise if an exploit results in the leak of sensitive information of users.
•	What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you? 
I think taking time to go through all the needs of the assignment and addressing each issue to make sure its accurate. In addition, updating the code and then having the code run successfully.
•	How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use? If I oversaw the Artemis website, I would do these things:
1.	Keep Software and Plugins Up To Date
2.	Add HTTPS and an SSL Certificate- To keep your website safe, you need a secure URL. If your site visitors offer to send their private information, you need HTTPS, not HTTP, to deliver it.
3.	Use a Secure Web Host
4.	Record User Access and Administrative Privileges
5.	Backup Your Website- One of the best methods to keep your site safe is to have a good backup solution. You should have more than one. Each is crucial to recovering your website after a major security incident occurs.
6.	Know Your Web Server Configuration Files
7.	Apply for a Web Application Firewall- Make sure you apply for a web application firewall (WAF). It sets between your website server and the data connection. The purpose is to read every bit of data that passes through it to protect your site.
•	How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities? When updating the code, I would save updates frequently and test to see if it was functional. After I updated the code and it was finalized, I would run a dependency check to see if I had introduced any vulnerabilities.
•	What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?  When working on the assignments I would always perform regular code reviews to identify errors and potential problems in the codebase. In the future if I’m working on code, I would maintain a clean and organized repository, which makes it easier for team members to find and work on specific code files. Keep the repository organized and free of unnecessary files or duplicate code.
•	Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment? I would show them project 2. I was proud of my effort and my results of the code I updated. 
